creative solutions for inspiring women 

creative solutions for the shakers, dreamers and trailblazers

vi·sion·ar·y
(especially of a person) thinking about or planning the future with imagination or wisdom.
"a visionary leader"
synonyms:	inspired, imaginative, creative, inventive, insightful, ingenious, enterprising, innovative, 
perceptive, intuitive, far-sighted, prescient, discerning, penetrating, sharp, shrewd, wise, clever, talented, gifted, resourceful; More


alchemy ... a seemingly magical process of transformation, creation, or combination.

know your why? 

simple, clever with intention design 
uniquely yours

I work with passionate creative women to craft intuitive websites that drive growth on autopilot.

____________________

WELCOME TO THE STUDIO!
I’m Kate– a strategic web designer with a background in online content creation and marketing. My design philosophy combines a clean, 
modern aesthetic with elegant systems that make running an online business simple and stress-free. 

____________________

You are here because
You just started a business and you need a website that conveys its story in a professional and stunning way

You need a website that connects with your target audience

Your website is getting old and needs a refresh

You want to make changes to your current website

____________________
Contact Me
Your business has a story to tell.
Make your website both professional and stunning. It’s not about just having a website built, 
it’s about attracting customers and investing in the future of your business.

HEllo I'm Elissa Mae, a Seattle based multi-passionate designer with a mission to help creative entrepreneurs 
launch their online business with confidence, through stunning brand & web experiences.

But more than that, I live for empowering you and your big dreams.

Whether you're in the first few months of your new business or looking to continue to grow your flourishing 
empire, I'm here to spark some creative confidence and get to work.

____________________

If you’d like to inquiry about a specific services or reserve a design spot on our calendar, please complete the form below.

If you’d like a free consultation, please schedule a 30 minute chat with us.

If you have any questions, check out our FAQs to find some answers.

All other inquiries (or just a friendly hello!) can be emailed directly to hello(at)elissamaecreative.com.

You can expect a response within 1 business day.

______________________

Design Services That Meet You Where You Are Whether we're building something new
or growing what you have, I'm here to partner with you to elevate your business.
I believe that design should be accessible to everyone — because we all deserve
to look great while doing what we love. BROWSE THE SERVICES﻿

______________________

A PETITE DESIGN STUDIO
Crafting strategic identity design & websites for entrepreneurs with heart & soul
 START YOUR PROJECT

 ____________________

 MEET THE DESIGNER
I'm Meghan, and I create beautiful brands and websites for growing businesses.

I was a designer long before I know what it meant to design. As a kid I stayed
up late tracing picture books, making collages from piles of magazines and paint
chips, and teaching myself basic coding skills so I could build fan-sites for my
favorite bands (thanks, Geocities). 

Everything and nothing has changed since then. I swoon over typography and
color, get star-eyes for a clean grid system, and can spend hours happily
digging around in a website's code. It's kind of my thing. 

I’ve spent the last 10 years working independently and collaborating with other
designers and agencies to grow and refine my skills. My style has been called
timeless and approachable, with the occasional dash of whimsy. 

In my off time you can find me spending time with my husband and two daughters.
We like to cook, have dance parties, and get messy making crafts. They keep me
grounded and happy and make me turn off my computer once in awhile.
________________________

About me: A ONE-WOMAN DESIGN STUDIO Creating Thoughtful Design for Businesses on
the Rise My speciality lies in elevating small businesses with smart branding
and approachable web solutions that represent the spirit of the work. I want to
empower you so you can empower others.

________________________

Sonrisa Studio is an online design studio that believes in the power of
imagination, the creative spark that drives us to pursue our passions and chase
our dreams. That’s why I help businesses connect with their ideal audience
through thoughtful design and creative direction.

____________________

Welcome to Carrie Loves, a website design studio located in Raleigh, North
Carolina specializing in WordPress and brand designs for authors & creatives who
want to stand out and make a statement
____________________

MEET THE DESIGNER Hey, I’m Kate. I create elegant websites that help passionate
entrepreneurial women grow their businesses on autopilot. Your website is more
than just a pretty face for your business. It’s an opportunity to deeply engage
your customers and streamline your workflow so you spend less time working in
your business and more time working on it–to grow, evolve, and expand.

I’m here to help you map out your customer’s journey, from the homepage to the
checkout page or enquiry form. With strategic planning and a deep understanding
of user experience, I’ll craft a website that looks beautiful and increases
conversions.

It’s time to stop losing clients and customers to a poorly planned, uninspired
website and start your business transformation.

____________________

Hello and Welcome I’m Carrie Koehmstedt, I am the owner & designer behind the
scenes at Carrie Loves Design Studio.

I started out blogging on a Blogspot blog in the Spring of 2006 (Carrie & the
Koehmstedts) as as a way to keep in touch with my family in California. I
quickly began designing and re-designing my own blog and in the process
discovered I really enjoyed the creative process of customizing a website. I
have always had a creative soul but never would have thought that I would call
myself a website designer, be running my own business, and working with
wonderfully talented people from all corners of the world!

All the while, doing something that I absolutely love – helping authors,
creatives, and self-starters like yourself make your slice of the internet look
& feel as special as you! ______________________

As your creative director, my job is to help take the vision in your head,
ground it in strategy, illuminate it with design, and make it your digital
reality

 ________________________

 Hi! I'm a User Experience Designer. I am based in New York City with over 13
 years worth of expertise in the UX field. I create seamless end-to-end
 experiences for desktop, mobile and web application users. My design thinking
 is rooted in simplicity, which I achieve with user-centric techniques, web
 standards and best practices. As Leonardo da Vinci said, “Simplicity is the
 ultimate sophistication.”

____________________

about me: 

As a Creative Director + Designer, my work is fueled by an obsession with
striking images and evocative details. My business is inspired by the
intersection of art + commerce. I’ve always had a soft spot for irrepressible
creatives – and anyone with an entrepreneurial spirit. That’s you? Me, too.

In 2016 I felt called to use my time and talent to make a bigger impact. I
aligned with friends who help independent designers and artists scale their
businesses through digital marketing and e-commerce strategy.

 Helping creatives get out of their own way so they can invest in themselves,
 build sustainable businesses, have an impact and create a legacy – is a joy.

 I created a business to support my lifestyle, and I’m passionate about helping
 others do the same. Entrepreneurship has changed the world – how we live and
 what’s possible for the next generation. Whether I’m designing 1:1 for a client
 or enrolling creatives in a life-changing program, my work facilitates this
 revolution. Freedom and self-expression, it’s what we’re all after.

If you’re interested in working on a design project with me, tell me everything
– and I’ll be in touch. If you’re here because you’re curious about who you
booked a call with, nice to meet you and I can’t wait to chat soon.

“Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art
and working is art and good business is the best art.” – Andy Warhol
______________________

A refined, visual presence for your remarkable business (emphasis on remarkable)
______________________

what you'll get when you hire me: The first thing you should know is: I don’t
design for where you are. I design for where you’re going.

Because you’re going places — faster than you can imagine. And it’s time for a
visual identity that honors + accelerates your most vital work.

If you are…

: An emerging leader in your field, with an online identity that’s a few seasons
behind the curve…

: Dedicated to your craft, devoted to your clients, and determined to make an
unforgettable impression…

: A lover of art, beauty + high style — with a definitive preference for clean,
sophisticated, contemporary visuals…

: Profoundly ready to receive the attention, recognition, and acclaim you’ve
been working for…

…The VIP was created for you.


YOUR SPIRIT + MY SKILLS = A SENSATIONAL VISUAL IDENTITY.

The VIP is a luxuriously personal experience (just you + me, babe) with the
power to transform how you’re perceived – online + off.

Over the course of a couple of months (give or take a few bolts of midnight
brilliance + final polishes) we’ll collaborate to create a visual identity that
casts your business, your mission + your gifts in a radiant glow.

On a practical level, you’re going to receive a jaw-dropping online identity.

But that’s just the beginning.

As your identity evolves…

: You’ll notice a jolt in confidence, conviction, and clarity of spirit.

: You’ll be ecstatic about showing yourself off – to clients, customers,
partners, publishers, and everyone you intend to serve + impress.

: You’ll feel inspired to double or triple your rates – or simply charge what
you’ve truly been worth, all along.

: You’ll experience what it feels like to see your essence + purpose, reflected
back on the screen. Spiritual translation. Total exhilaration.

______________________

With your vision, my design savvy, and a hefty amount of coffee, we can create a
digital experience that is creative, beautiful, and memorable.

Hello! I’m Meagan Fisher. I create impactful websites for people with good
ideas. As a rare designer-developer hybrid, I am passionate and knowledgeable
about both the visual and technical aspects of creating a website. My mission is
to help bring more beauty, creativity, and good ideas into the world through web
design.

____________________

Hi, I'm Gemma I'm a North East based female Web Designer Female Web Designers
can be a bit thin on the ground which is a shame as more and more women are
starting their own business or becoming entrepreneurs.

I love learning and constantly look to grow my skills and knowledge.

 My aim is to provide clean, responsive and affordable web sites. I believe that
 small businesses shouldn’t have to pay a small fortune to get their site off
 the ground.

I LOVE working with start ups, freelancers and small businesses and creative
entrepreneurs. And I’m actually really good at it!

As a female Web Designer I’m always looking to connect with like minded business
people so feel free to get in touch if you would like to collaborate or just
have a chinwag!

__________________

you have your heart and soul invested, you spend precious hours perfecting your
craft. you believe in what you do and have made it a vital part of who you are.
make your web presence reflect that. you deserves a site that not only awes and
inspires its visitors and gives them all the feels, but also just plain works
for you. drives traffic and gets clients. gains readership and promotes brand
recognition.brave + beautiful themes do just that. packed with gorgeousness, yet
customizable to make them your own. so make it your own. your customers,
visitors and readers should see you — your passion, enthusiasm and love — on
every single page in and each post. and you should determine your own priorities
in showing them yourself. because you are brave. and what you are doing is
beautiful. so let’s make it happen.
______________________

about: 

Brave + Beautiful. It’s who you are. It’s a struggle, taking the risk — making
your voice heard, showing your work to the world. Pouring your heart and soul
into something and then putting it out there for everyone to see. You are
courageous. Fearless. An adventurer. And that bravery, that courage — it’s a
thing of beauty. Being open and raw and transparent is more of what this world
needs. And the act of taking the risk creates beauty — it builds in you strength
and virtue. And what you have to offer is beautiful. It’s filled to the brim
with your passions, your dreams, your heart. You. Beautiful. I truly believe
that you have something entirely unique to offer the world — yourself. That
whether you’re blogging about babies or selling shoes or planning parties — what
you’re really putting forth, what your customers and clients really want to
know, what you’re really releasing into the world is you. And so everything
involved in your brand: your logo, your business card, your content, your
website, your social media presence, should reflect who you are.

And I want to help make that happen.
______________________

about me: 

I’m Kirsten — I’ve always had a penchant for the creative, but a degree in
graphic design was too intimidating for me. Instead, I threw myself in
headfirst, somehow landing a job as a graphic designer right out of college.
Terrified they’d catch on to my complete lack of experience, I pulled all
nighters teaching myself the programs, and a few months later I was able to
merge a longing for the creative with a bent toward the practical and organized.
I quickly went on to teach myself web design, taking awful low-paying jobs to
learn the code and try and keep up with the ever-changing industry, and loving
the movement and endless possibilities the Internet offered.

Nearly ten years later, I couldn’t imagine doing anything else. I love the
flexibility and spontaneity of this work. I love creating beautiful, useful
tools for fiercely brave individuals. I love working with clients and helping
dreams along. I love the newness each project offers. I love helping you put
yourself in your brand.

I’m a wife and mother in my thirties. I grew up in Atlanta and met my husband at
the University of Georgia. Just after we got married, we moved to Portland,
Oregon, where we spent eight glorious years and added three children to our
family. In 2015, we moved to Nashville, Tennessee where we’re planting a church
called Sozo Community. I spend most days equipped with a cup of coffee, lots of
giggles and a search for beauty in everything. __________________

One Of A Kind Design
Having a brand & website is more than just having a pretty design to show off.
In a sea of creatives, you want to stand out and target amazing clients!

A few of the reasons why :
  YOU ONLY HAVE 8 SECONDS TO CAPTURE YOUR AUDIENCES ATTENTION. HAVING A COHESIVE
  BRAND THAT REALLY DIVES DEEP INTO YOUR BUSINESS NEEDS, WILL HELP YOU REACH
  YOUR TARGET AUDIENCE. YOU WILL ATTRACT YOUR IDEAL CLIENTS AND GROW YOUR
  CREATIVE BUSINESS!

From beginning to end, I will empower you through the whole process. Together we
will collaborate to build a brand and website design that represents the core
values of your creative business. 
______________________


you give yourself a valuable competitive advantage in the form of a professional
and properly functioning website.

a website that represents your hard work and passion and proudly tells your
story

With the fierce competition of First impression is everything

0.05 seconds (50 milliseconds) for users to form an opinion about your website
that determines whether they’ll stay or leave. Studies show that first
impressions are most influenced by the visual appeal of the site.

visually appealing Usability

Don’t create an internet site only for the sake of getting an internet presence.
You should genuinely have a vision of thoughts of what you want your internet
site to do for your enterprise.

Hi .. I'm Claire Front-End Development & Training I’m a freelance front-end UI
developer and trainer specializing in responsive Web design, modern CSS,
progressive enhancement, and accessibility. I work with my clients to create
interfaces and design systems that work for everyone, and that are optimized for
accessibility and speed. Find out more about my work or hire me.

It's time to create a web presense that tells your story ... one that represents
your dedication and passion.

I approach web design with a clean, modern asthethic and then embellish with
essential details that represent YOU and reflect your vision, your hard work and
passion. In a sea of creatives and with visitors you want to stand out and
target amazing clients!

As a dedicated designer-developer hybrid, my passion lies in empowering
creatives with an impactful and affordable web presense. You've worked
tirelessly, pouring your heart and soul into your business and your craft.
You're embracing vulnerability and bravely putting yourself out there to the
world. In case no one has told you - That's badass! It's my joy to build a
website that honors and celebrates your courage and big dreams. 

I approach web design with a simple, clean asthetic and then embellish with the
essential details that reflect YOU and your vision. First impressions are
everything in a world of fierce online competition. My mission: making you stand
out in the sea of creatives while giving both you and the user an enjoyable
experience. We can work together on the alchemy of this next, exciting step of
your journey - building a website with clever, intentional design that is
beautifully and uniquely yours. Whether you are just starting out or needing to
refresh your existing site, I'm here for you.

Onward 


knowledgeable about both the visual 
and technical aspects of creating a website. 

That's why working with a developer who “gets” the long-term vision for your
brand will translate that to your web site and vice versa,

Because you’re going places — faster than you can imagine. And it’s time for a
visual identity that honors + accelerates your most vital work. believes in the
power of imagination, the creative spark that drives us to pursue our passions
and chase our dreams. That’s why I help businesses connect with their ideal
audience through thoughtful design and creative direction.
          
As your creative director, my job is to help take the vision in your head,
ground it in strategy, illuminate it with design, and make it your digital
reality But more than that, I live for empowering you and your big dreams. I
don’t design for where you are. I design for where you’re going. 



You've worked hard - pouring your heart and soul into your business and craft.
You're embracing vulnerability and bravely putting yourself out there to the
world. 

I approach web design with a simple, clean asthetic and then embellish with
the essential details that reflect YOU and your vision. First impressions are
everything in a world of fierce online competition. My mission: making you stand
out in the sea of creatives while giving both you and the user an enjoyable
experience. We can work together on the the next, exciting step of your journey
- building a website with clever, intentional design that is beautifully and
uniquely yours. Whether you are just starting out or needing to refresh your
existing site, I'm here for you.
                    



Vibe 

With your passion for Your thing and my eye for design and detail we will create
your website 


for banners :  poets, writers, sculptures, art, female trailblazers. dancers,
zodiac, pyramid, eye of horis, snowflake




quotes: 

Die with memories, not dreams. 

Dear Universe, I am totally open to some awesome coming my way. 

My method is strategic where you will be delivered a beautifully branded website
that is ALSO backed by consumer sales psychology & proven marketing strategies.
(AKA more sales for you!)


Most websites are placeholders for information without actually increasing your
leads or sales. Your website is not something you want to throw together and
hope it works, which is why I help you put it ALL together in a way that
actually increases your income.


web dev is soul-full work. 

To quote Leonardo DaVinci - “Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.”



MY DESIGN STYLE
-------------------------

Minimalist, Clean, Elegant, Effective, User-Friendly, Less is More Web Design.
To quote Leonardo DaVinci - “Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.”

With the popularity of cell phones and mobile devices, and visitors who are
short on time and with short attention spans, I believe that “LESS IS MORE” and
"K-I-S-S" (Keep it Simple Sweetheart) web design is more effective and
user-friendly.

Minimalist, Elegant, Attractive, Less is More web design will help to gain and
keep your visitors' attention and retention for a longer time, increasing the
chances of converting your visitors into new subscribers, followers and fans of
your books, especially compared to cluttered or overly complicated websites.


web design alchemy
a seemingly magical process of transformation, creation, or combination.
"finding the person who's right for you requires a very subtle alchemy"


Your website tells a story 

It sets a tone, establishes a voice, and evokes a feeling.  

Together, we’ll capture the essence of your passion, gifts and purpose — and
turn them into a kick-ass website that elevates your business and delivers the
impact your work deserves.


Hello fellow creatives .. .

You have a vision for an impactful, successful business and you know you can
make it happen but you're overwhelmed by the process. I've been there and I want
to help you jumpstart or refresh your journey with a website that showcases your
skills and helps you connect with your ideal clients. 


Are you ready? Wherever you're at in your journey, I'm here to help with a
design process that suits your needs. I can't wait to help you meet your goals!


I'm ready for my dream website! 

I COMBINE THE ART AND SCIENCE OF WEBSITES
Unlike other designers, I make sure your website is technically set up the right
way and correctly optimized for search engines like Google.



HOW WOULD IT FEEL TO... 

gain clarity on your branding so that you never have to guess what fonts or
colors to use in your marketing materials

have a professional and organized Squarespace website with strong messaging that
attracts dream clients

know what keywords to use in your content and understand the technical aspects
of your blog so that you can drive organic traffic to your site without looking
spammy


Now, my work is proactive. I love providing clients with immediate value through
a new brand and website so they can stay within their zone of genius and focus
on what it is that lights them.

Because you’ve likely built your business with your heart and soul. And it’s
time you ditched that outdated DIY website and got back to doing just that. 


About me ... I have a 6 month old Golden Retriever named Hanes (who is my world)
and I obsess over all things personal development, organization, wine, interior
design, skincare, cooking (I'm in the process of creating/shooting my first
cookbook), coffee, beautifully created brands, travel, hiking, business +
positivity. I love helping boss babes build a business + life of their dreams -
there's nothing more rewarding than watching my clients light up when they see
their vision come to life. I can't wait to help you grow, as I grow, and succeed
together. 


Too many small companies try to make themselves look bigger online, but
according to Entrepreneur.com “small is cool with customers, too. Small
businesses, they say, have a personality, flavor and sensibility that big
businesses can’t match.” Don’t be afraid to tout your smallness.

I specialize in creating websites for solopreneurs and small businesses that
reflect your creativity and personality, that are responsive on all devices, and
fully optimized for search engines.



Services: 
Web Design Process I’ll work with you to understand your business, its needs,
and your target audience.


A website should meet your customer’s needs and help them find the information
they’re looking for as quickly as possible, while still reflecting your
creativity, personality, and brand.

Your website will be designed in a way that allows your customer’s to seamlessly
view your site on any device and easily and intuitively navigate to the product
or information they’re looking for.

Next up is implementation, SEO, and testing. Then we GO LIVE! Work doesn’t end
there, after go live I retest everything in the real world, monitor the site for
technical issues and ensure traffic is flowing. Each website is unique, so the
process can take as little as a couple of weeks to several months depending on
requirements. 


MISSION
 I am passionate about helping female entrepreneurs thrive online & by
creating a brand & website that attracts ideal clients!


COPYRIGHT ©2018 ANJELICA DEZEL LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DESIGNED WITH ♥ BY ANJELICA DEZEL

 We craft brands & websites that connect, captivate, and most importantly –
 convert. Just bring your vision; we’ll take care of the rest.

Through deep insight, strategy, and a pinch of genius we craft brands that
connect, captivate, and convert.

We’re here for the wild ones, the free spirits, and the untamable souls; the
ones with bare feet, messy hair and big hearts. If that sounds like you, we'd
love to connect!

We’re here for the fierce, untameable souls; the trailblazers seeking change,
authenticity and connection. We’re not just another agency. There’s no corporate
office with employees divided up into cubicles working 9-5 with 2 weeks of
vacation a year. Our “office” can be different every day, our schedule
ever-changing, and sometimes, yes, we do work in our pajamas.

What we lack in structure we make up for in creativity, flexibility and
diversity. Our people work from all over the world, with teams custom built for
each project. We’re a passionate, adventurous and eclectic bunch!

And we know we’re not for everyone. If you like the idea of paying 3x more for
an agency where you can visit for a cup of coffee, we’re probably not a goodra
fit. But if you’re passionate about making an impact, open to new ideas and
creative approaches, and looking for authentic, meaningful connections – look no
further. We’d love to show you how we can conjure your vision into tangible,
profitable reality.


Make your magic

Intuitive design + strategic 
deisgn to fit your company's personality and purpose

powerful websites to help you do what you love

A web design and development studio 


Crafting a powerful online experience through the fusion of intuitive design,
strategic functioning and a bit of magic 

Or, in layman's terms:  I have fun and you get a beautiful, badass website! 

alchemy 
al·​che·​my | \ ˈal-kə-mē any seemingly magical process of transforming or combining elements into something new:

the power of a unique design alchemy

What you seek is seeking you - requirements

wild heart   gypsy soul   warrior spirit  freespirit


Based in fayetteville, Arkansas 

Serving clients throughout the United States, Canada and beyond.

ABOUT QUILL & CO.THAT'S WHY I CREATE INTENTIONAL AND STRATEGIC BRANDS AND WEB
DESIGNS, SO YOU CAN CONNECT WITH YOUR IDEAL CLIENT IN A MEANINGFUL WAY AND FOCUS
YOUR TIME ON THE WORK YOU LOVE MOST.

PERFECTION IS achieved not when there is nothing more to add but when there is nothing more to take away. _ quote

MY PASSION IS CONNECTING STRATEGY WITH DESIGNGood design and building meaningful
and delightful brands and websites gives me so much joy. It’s what springs me
out of bed in the morning (okay, that and the thought of fresh coffee) and keeps
me glued to my computer late at night. Good design is my why but watching you
succeed from it, now that is my purpose. There is nothing I love more than
helping other creative entrepreneurs and women run businesses create beautiful,
functional, and delightful brands that increase their profits.



Who we serve
THE KIND. THE PASSIONATE.
THE HOPEFUL, THE INFLUENTIAL
 

I’ll bet you’re a heart-led entrepreneur with a desire to serve your community
well. You’re craving a beautiful brand and an online home that speaks to your
mission and values – giving your clients that high-end experience they’re after.

Well, guess what… we do just that!

We infuse marketing strategies and design aesthetics to help you transform your
passion project into a successful brand.

Discover how we work →


A creative studio specialized in website design & development helping businesses connect 
with their ideal audiences through meaningful design.

Handcrafted in Phoenix, Arizona
SERVING CLIENTS COAST TO COAST



<p>Creative solutions for the dreamers, shakers &
                        trailblazers
                    </p>
                    <br>
                </div>
                <p> Handcrafted in Fayetteville, Arkansas </p>
                <p> Serving creatives globally </p>